Saturday was started out good weathers a
weather's really nice the track is
awesome it's got these crazy bangs it's
got a huge jump it's like a pretty
tricky track because there's a lot of
corners to it
is requalified purse which is
good in this crowd and then in the heat
call about first and sit down a lap time
there was one second
the next guy to a genre which is not
something that helped repair Adama so I
think it was a good exclamation point on
the speed of the ps4 this weekend
showed a lot of promise for the weekend
but some day they're calling for rain
it's it's okay we have a second heat
coming up and it's we've had to make a
lot of changes to the car to match up
for the rain but I'm excited to feel the
track out on the wet had some contact
there in the first corner that'll
puncture right off the bat I finished
even though you know a winning time by
any chance the slowest time probably but
just in case something happens in heat
three I wanted to finish because you
have to finish two of the three heats in
order to qualify for any really really
good start actually
it was a windshield on this track it's
absolutely impossible to drive I was
almost crashing into the walls
everywhere so I had to stop so with the
third heat being out for the final I
qualified the last spot on the B final
had another good start there that's one
thing the Fiesta was doing well this
weekend is starting and in the second
place finish second place
the final was brutal and we knew is
going to be war the a final is going to
be even worse than the B final I got a
good start but in the first corner not
completely blasted with heavy mud that
damaged the windshield wiper so I had
horrible visibility the whole track in
fact if there was nobody in front of me
I couldn't see where the talk was going
finished
so take those points home but the
championship is over for me this is my
last event
European Championship now it's on to
Vegas where hopefully the weather is not
like this and wear sunscreen becomes a
major concern not a lot of finished
people I think worry about that so
looking forward to it